detections/README.md, before:

# Detection Utilities

## Generate detections using Faster R-CNN

```bash
python preprocessing.py --partition train2015
```

A Faster R-CNN model pre-trained on MS COCO will be used by default to generate detections. Use the argument `--partition` to specify the subset to run the detector on. To run a Faster R-CNN model with fine-tuned weights, use the argument `--ckpt-path` to load the model from specified checkpoint. Run `python preprocessing.py --help` to find out more about post-processing options. The generated detections will be saved in a directory named after the parition e.g. `train2015`.

## Generate ground truth detections

```bash
python generate_gt_detections.py --partition test2015
```

Generate detections from the ground truth boxes. Notes that since the ground truth is formatted as box pairs, when the same human (or object) instance appears multiple times in different pairs, they will be saved multiple times. Moreover, the same instance could have slightly different annotated boxes when appearing in different pairs. For this reason, we do not perform NMS in the code and leave the choice of post-processing to the users. The generated detections will be saved in a directory named after the parition e.g. `test2015_gt`. 

## Visualise detections

```bash
python visualise.py --detection-root ./test2015 --partition test2015 --image-idx 3000
Image name:  HICO_test2015_00003102.jpg
```

Visualise detections for an image. Use argument `--detection-root` to specify the directory of generated detection files and `--partition` to specify the subset. To select a specific image, use the argument `--image-idx`. The name of corresponding image file will also be printed.

## Evaluate detections

```bash
python eval_detections.py --detection-root ./test2015
```

Evaluate the mAP of the detections against the ground truth object detections of HICO-DET. Use the argument `--partition` to specify the subset to evaluate against. The default is `test2015`. Use the argument `--detection-root` to point to the directory where detection results are saved. Note that due to the multiple appearances of the same instance in different pairs, NMS will also be applied on the ground truth detections. This could cause some unforeseeable issues. Therefore, this evaluation is somewhat coarse and should only be used a diagnostic tool. Run `python eval_detections.py --help` to find out more about post-processing options.

## Fine-tune the detector on HICO-DET

```bash
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 python train_detector.py
```

Start from the pre-trained detector on MS COCO and fine-tune the detector on HICO-DET. Note that setting the environmental variable `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is necessary and should __NOT__ be omitted (Refer to [#7](https://github.com/fredzzhang/hicodet/issues/7)). Run `python train_detector.py --help` for more options regarding the hyper-parameters.

Commit message:

(#11) Add utility and instructions to donwload checkpoint of fine-tuned detetector

detections/README.md, after:

# Detection Utilities

## Generate detections using Faster R-CNN

```bash
python preprocessing.py --partition train2015
```

A Faster R-CNN model pre-trained on MS COCO will be used by default to generate detections. Use the argument `--partition` to specify the subset to run the detector on. To run a Faster R-CNN model with fine-tuned weights, use the argument `--ckpt-path` to load the model from specified checkpoint. Run `python preprocessing.py --help` to find out more about post-processing options. The generated detections will be saved in a directory named after the parition e.g. `train2015`.

## Generate ground truth detections

```bash
python generate_gt_detections.py --partition test2015
```

Generate detections from the ground truth boxes. Notes that since the ground truth is formatted as box pairs, when the same human (or object) instance appears multiple times in different pairs, they will be saved multiple times. Moreover, the same instance could have slightly different annotated boxes when appearing in different pairs. For this reason, we do not perform NMS in the code and leave the choice of post-processing to the users. The generated detections will be saved in a directory named after the parition e.g. `test2015_gt`. 

## Visualise detections

```bash
python visualise.py --detection-root ./test2015 --partition test2015 --image-idx 3000
Image name:  HICO_test2015_00003102.jpg
```

Visualise detections for an image. Use argument `--detection-root` to specify the directory of generated detection files and `--partition` to specify the subset. To select a specific image, use the argument `--image-idx`. The name of corresponding image file will also be printed.

## Evaluate detections

```bash
python eval_detections.py --detection-root ./test2015
```

Evaluate the mAP of the detections against the ground truth object detections of HICO-DET. Use the argument `--partition` to specify the subset to evaluate against. The default is `test2015`. Use the argument `--detection-root` to point to the directory where detection results are saved. Note that due to the multiple appearances of the same instance in different pairs, NMS will also be applied on the ground truth detections. This could cause some unforeseeable issues. Therefore, this evaluation is somewhat coarse and should only be used a diagnostic tool. Run `python eval_detections.py --help` to find out more about post-processing options.

## Fine-tune the detector on HICO-DET

```bash
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 python train_detector.py
```

Start from the pre-trained detector on MS COCO and fine-tune the detector on HICO-DET. Note that setting the environmental variable `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is necessary and should __NOT__ be omitted (Refer to [#7](https://github.com/fredzzhang/hicodet/issues/7)). Run `python train_detector.py --help` for more options regarding the hyper-parameters. To download the checkpoint of our fine-tuned detector, run the following script. The downloaded file is available under `./checkpoints`

```bash
bash download_checkpoint.sh
```
